There is a push, a push to not want to understand deeply anymore.

We want to get fast results high LoC, shipped to prod fast.

But I'm afraid we might be losing the traits that might make us great engineers. Thinking through a problem for a long period of time, sitting there, marinating, thinking, and not being able to solve, despite our best efforts. This teaches us patience, it taught us reslience. 

Now everything can be "solved" with one prompt, a better model, or an easier shortcut. We must resist, we must slow down, and **think**. 

Because at the end of the day, when the model can't solve the issue, or when there's no immediate result, we'll be the only ones who can can sit down, and reason. I've been worried these skills have begun to atrophy within me, or within those around me.

I can guess that this desire to solve everything with one click is to keep us stupid, to keep us paying, and to keep us dependant. 

Before simply generating the code, doing the thing that'd bring the result gave you the skill, the "smartness". 

Yet now even that has been decoupled.x

Generating the code, producing the "logic" doesn't give you that "smartness" anymore. Only understanding does, and now the dopamine cycle of the very understanding we got from writing code is under threat. **The models provide the "same" output (code) that gives you dopamine from solving an issue, without giving you the understanding that comes with writing the code that gave you that dopamine in the first place**.

The issue seems to have never been writing the code, but understanding, thinking, and solving the problem at hand.